Why did that person look so familiar just now?
How's the thing I asked you to do?
Already ordered
The Shi Army is already on its way back
What about the emperor? The emperor is here
Greetings to your emperor
You are finally here, please get up
It is related to the safety of Xuanguo
Traitors must be identified as soon as possible
The queen may have doubts in her heart
I sent someone to find some clues
But the facts all point to Chen Shuyu
I guess I was right.
How do you know?
I met the Happy King on the way here today.
During the conversation, I always felt that something was wrong with him
It seems that I can't stand it anymore.
Since I ascended the throne
My brother complained about me
My brother is capable.
But competitive paranoia
The father was afraid that after giving him the throne
He will become tyranny
That's why the throne was given to me
But he is my brother after all.
I want to give him another chance.
I grew up with you guys.
I also don't want to watch the Happy King helplessly
stray into it
Thank you, God of Fortune
How brave
Dare to cooperate with the enemy and betray the country